> This file has been tested on Linux and DCS(not batch)
> Operation on windows and macOS is unknown
>
> A file for the batch compute may be provided whenever I can be bothered
>
> Operation with the batch compute system is unknown
>
> This is provided with no guarantees of accuracy. Always verify data for yourself
> 
> Note past runs may be on different circumstances e.g (battery/wall power or number of chrome tabs open) 
> so historic results may not be reliable.
>
> I hope this helps you and good luck with the CW


# Compare.py

Compare.py is a python file to easily compare between versions of the ACA CW

run with `python3 compare/py`

the program takes the following steps:

1. run `make clean`
1. run `make`
1. run `acacgs 50 50 50`
1. run `acacgs 50 50 50`
1. run `acacgs 50 50 50`
1. run `acacgs 50 50 50`
1. run `acacgs 50 50 50`
2. Read the files generated by acacgs
3. Sort the values in order of total time
4. remove the largest and smallest run 
4. Find the mean of the remaining runs
5. Save the results to a save file in ./Past
6. Load a selection of save files form ./Past 
7. Display the selection in a table format with speedup 

Many of the operations can be configured using the constants at the start of the file.

## File structure
This program assumes the following file structure

- compare.py
- [Past]
- [main]
  - .git
  - BRANCH.txt
  - MakeFile
  - main.c
  - ...

[Past] a folder contaning all the past runs as JSON created by compare.py

[main] is the folder provided as part of the CW

.git - main should be it's own repository / submodule. checkout should not alter [Past] 
look into https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules if you wish to include [Past] in a repository

BRANCH.txt - Branch information first line should be branch name and is read to label your comparisons should be different for every branch

Makefile... --- the files provided


## Arguments
  * -h -help --help The help page
  * -com            Runs a standard benchmark un-altered 
  * -n &lt;name&gt;       Adds a name to the run for easier comparison, default: time
  * -c              Combines all the existing json files into one, IDK maybe usefull

> note when using -n previous versions of the file will be overwritten

## Base
It may be desirable to include a base run to compare all changes to.

e.g a version with no optimizations.

with the desired code

run
`python3 compare.py -n <run name>`.

A new file will appear in Past.

In compare.py add the name `<run name>.json` to `OTHER_FILES`.

When displaying results `<run name>.json` will allways be show.

## Configuration

See the constants at the start of compare.py

## JSON
the program creates json files for each run and is compared against

## Notes
While some error checking has been made to ensure the script can run,
don't push it
